So in a previous view we have done the most medical modelling of tank level control and also I have
used similar link in order to simulate the smaller.
And as you can see we have here increased amount of tank height by increasing the time.
So what if you want to control the tank height or to maintain that thing quite a certain point for example
or point three millimeter.
In this case we need to add something new to our most medical modelling or to our system.
This is what we call a controller.
If you have watched the previous section we have talk about the control systems.
I have explained that we have here a planet with mathematical equations or most medical modelling of
this planet and we take a feedback of the orbit of this planet and we feed it to what we call a controller.
And so the controller there are some calculations in order to have or to maintain a certain output of
the planet.
So this is what we are going to do in the tank level a control problem
as you can see some new systems are introduced to our problem and the main problem we have here a flow
rate paste on the position of the throttle which is Q2 Q2 is feed inside this thing.
Height is increase with time and we have here Q1 which leaves us think and this is sort of law I have
added here error detecting device and they're detecting device we have a reference value of r which
is a position and we have here a float which reflects the change of the tank height the difference between
this reference input and the height is fitted to this air detecting which has constant k e to produces
voltage e this voltage e is amplified by this amplifier was a constant K A to produce V which is fitted
to this server mortar and the servo motor output speed is C the adult which is connected to the input
throttle by this gear system so now and is teed off openings as volt by hand we have this motorized
system based on a measurement from the output which is height inside this electric circuit to produce
a motion on this motor in order to decide which seat heavy or seat the V lot of this valve system.
So let's see is a mathematical equations or most medical modelling of this new system these three equations
from the previous most medical modelling of the tank without the controller we have q two equals two
K V times see the V adult Q two minus Q one equals two a each dot which is a continuity equation and
from this throttle we have q one times R equals two each.
Now inside this error detecting device we have reference input R which is again any position like for
example 0 points three meter or point or three meter and so on minus etch which is measured using this
float times the constant of error detecting device which is key to produce voltage e now by using amplifier
was constant K A V equals two K A times e we have this equation which relates to output of the motor
or the speed of the motor C to M by the voltage inside this motor see the m the block equals to one
hundred thirty three times voltage minus or point six seven C to Emerald.
So as this relation is based on this server motor so we have nothing to do with this equation this equation
is given.
And finally we have the solar speed CTV that equals to the motor speed see the m not over is a good
rescue.
Now let's try to model this new system and Samuel link and see how to use this proportional controller
in order to control and maintain the height of this tank at a certain level and see if we will manage
to maintain the height of the required value or not.
This is our model from the previous video.
And actually I will delete this input and the SCOOP and I will select all this model right click and
I will create subsystem from selection.
Now I have this subsystem which is the system of the thing or the mathematical equations of the thing
without any controller.
So I would call it thank
actually I can change the image of this block by right click and add mosque and here I will use its
function image of I will need an image.
So another function I am great.
Just make sure that the image is in the same folder.
You have saved this modelling so I have an image tank.
The J P G now apply and OK as you can see I've changed this image or the image of the subsystem to this
new image can select any image you want.
So I will add another subsystem so you can search for subsystem
this one here right click and add to Untitled I will drag it here.
Call it controller
commonly used blocks I will add some point
and I forgot to add scope
so if he remembers are from tank subsystem is the height etch so is plotted on the scope
and I will take a feedback from etch and I will feed it to the summing point minus
and I have here as a reference input ah which is for example constant.
So from sources only the constant
off or point three
which is fitted to this summing clock.
So.
Or or point three minus etch is fitted to the controller and the arbiter the controller is the input
to the tank.
Now I need to double click the controller and start to build my control system so the input here is
R minus edge.
So first single I add some gains from commonly use blocks 0 net gain.
I will add integrator and then add something point OK
I will lead this
I can call it input to Ann Arbor to not to get confused with the tank input and output now the input
here which is or minus edges multiplied by gain.
Katie.
So again I have the same file but I have updated you have here constant k equals to 0.01 the tank or
the throttle the resistance equals to 0 point to 5.
Think every area equals two or point eight.
We have this constant here from the air detecting device.
K equals to 200 hundred voltage over a meter so if we have distance equals to one meter we will produce
two hundred volt.
We have here is a constant of amplifier which is 50 and we have here is a gear issue and equals to 100.
Now we're on this model and I have these different variables in the workspace back to the subsystem
on Kobe's this game.
This is K E m from the equations you can see that are minus edge.
Times k equals to small in order to reduce the voltage or the output of the amplifier we multiply e
times the amplifier constant which Okay so we can take our minus edge and multiplied by k e times K
in order to produce the.
So this is key.
E minus K now okay.
Whereas this here and expand this we have relation between the moderate speed and acceleration and the
input voltage to this motor.
See them they will look equals to one hundred thirty three times V minus 0 point six seven times C to
m not so I will feed this facing v signal
to another gain which is one hundred insert three
and out output is feed it to a summing point
the object of this summing point is see the MWD.
So now I have multiplied the times one hundred and thirty three.
This is in plus minus this signal here will be 0 point six seven times Seta M lot.
Now I don't have any seat m.
This will produce seat M double dot so I can take take the signal which is see them the look and integrate
it to have seat.
I m not.
And take a signal from C time dot to feed back and close the loop.
So if I integrate the system or the signal seats I m level look the integration is C to m dot and c
to him dot almost R signal times is this game.
But first I need to flip it
does gain is 0 point 6 7
I'll feed it to this same point
trysts leads us in feed.
This one here.
Double Click to change the sine.
This is minus here.
This is produce C to handle it now is C time the Times one over n two this is one over n produces CTV
don't so the input to this controller is reference R and the output is C to veto it.
Now back to untitled we have here is a tank and controller we have a reference R then to this controller
is R minus etch so this r and this feedback here etch R minus etch inside this controller in order to
produce see the v dot and see the result is feed it inside this thing in order to produce etch.
Now I can run this model
double click on the scoop
now as you can see here this is a response or is a change of height was time we have here some overshoot
in the system a city state after for example one second.
So a final value which is almost all points three meter.
Let's see what happens when we try to reduce the value of family fire.
So I will go to m file and k a 2 for example 2.
Now on the system closes
and runs on model again
now as you can see we have get rid of the solutions and also overshoot but we have another problem that
we want the desired output to be 0 Boeing 3 but in our case it's all point to now let's see the effect
of increasing the value of amplification 2 for example 90 now from
by increasing the value of the amplification the maximum overshoot is increased and we're almost at
0 point Steve was less serious to either
that's all for this with you.
Thank you guys for watching and seems an extra beat you don't forget to download this model from the
nectar resources.